okay so I'm about to do my vocals for
the music video that's coming out on my
main channel on Friday that you guys
should be anticipating with great
anticipation because it's gonna be
really really awesome and Mike here my
friend Mike he is he's helping me record
the vocals so we're gonna see how this
goes I'm not quite the singer I haven't
really done like a cover parity ish
thing since my dailybooth video days and
that has quite a big standard to hold up
to so I'm kind of nervous about this but
hey look I'm now blue probably with
glitter on my face so okay enough
stalling let's get two more wrapping
let's do this oh I just left all right
and i'm headed right now to team to
shoot a pop where's challenge that
hopefully you guys will give me some
sport so I don't lose to Megan and Joey
because
after work
anyways found my car I'm okay now i'm
headed to teen and
oh my gosh yeah yeah I'm going to the
beach I go to the beach all the time
there's making babies no this is just
for my video it's what o.o ready is it
well but it was sunny when I left oh
we're shooting a pop Wars challenge and
i will link you guys to it whenever it's
up so you guys can vote for um it will
be up on thurs or thursday thursday
thursday ha wow wow gonna be awesome I
don't even know how to respond to him
only talks like that so yeah I need to
take my pictures so whatever you want to
browse she's not joking i'm gonna go
forget slap I be back home from teen
yeah I'm starving and I'm going to get
me some chick the legs I have a net
chick-fil-a a long time and just my dad
visiting made me want to get chick-fil-a
because my dad is basically the small
chick-fil-a
nom nom so that's what I'm going to do
now and then I get home I'm trying to
figure out what i'm gonna do i'm going
to let my voice get all squeaky as i'm
talking probably unpleasantly legends
going to figure out some video staff
that we're doing oh my gosh I'm so
excited to show you guys this video is
coming out friday you guys need to like
you make up friday you need to wait with
anticipation all until the evening is a
problem will come out to the evening for
this video because it's going to be so
freaking good this music video man we've
been working really hard on it and i
hope that you guys like it and share it
with your friends and think it's amazing
because i think it's going to be amazing
okay I'm gonna stop talking about this
video that you guys don't know what it
is yet cuz yeah alright anyways I'd like
to go that's like guys that I was going
to target so I'm starting it and bought
a bunch of random crap that I want to
put my living room hidden feelings
depressed lately in our living room it
was like absolutely nothing in there so
I decided to give me 48 I was bored and
I wanted to buy a bunch of stuff and buy
a bunch of stuff I did a little bit of
money on stuff from every room but it's
stuff from my living room so I feel like
it's a worthy cause something I'm in
every single day
so yeah successful shopping trip I am
now going to go home and get great in my
living room and I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye so my parents are gone now
which makes me sad but i am going to
work out now which makes me sad also but